---
title: "Week 1 Rundown"
date: 2020-07-12
excerpt: "Summary of what I got up to in week 1"
header:
  teaser: https://trello-attachments.s3.amazonaws.com/5ed4cbefd3ddd2395a3b1348/5f038da1b01157334e8afdc9/056b86ada43401fe6d4cc730fda867a9/Screenshot_2020-07-06_at_21.46.06.png # add a teaser image here that sums up what the blog post is about for display on blog page, the image should go in the image/blog folder
  overlay_color: "#333"
---

So, with week 1 now done and gone I am using this blog for a chance to reflect on some of the happenings.
First and foremost, the increase in workload has been both challenging and rewarding, I have seen a significant increase in
my ability throughout the week (alongside getting stuck on some problems for hours when I shouldn't of!). The week generally
followed a morning: independent work, afternoon-evening: pairing work schedule, but also incorporated workshops within that.
The morning session is very do it yourself, with the resources on their courses page you have to guide your own learning
based on what you think you need to work on. Week 1 that was relatively hard to do but after doing the pairing all week alongside the weekend challenge I know what I need to improve on.

I have a page on my GitHub [here](https://github.com/DillonBarker/week1) showing my goals and accomplishments from the week and will be trying to make one of these pages each week to keep track of my learning. As well as that I have a Trello board that I am using for a more personal diary experience where I don't have to worry about everything making sense to people outside its just me that can see it.

As a learning note, as I said above, there were a few problems that I didn't need to have solved and spent far too long on them. Next time I would just move on until I was more clear or ask for some help. It is unlikely you will learn lots from being stuck on a problem for too long.

Paired programming has been very fun, **2pm-6pm** every day and with a new partner. This gives you the opportunity to be the teacher and the student as everyone will get to different levels. So it's a very useful exercise.


Thanks,

Dillon
