---
title: "Week 3 Rundown"
date: 2020-07-26
excerpt: "Summary of what I got up to in week 3"
header:
  teaser: /images/blog/rock.jpeg # add a teaser image here that sums up what the blog post is about for display on blog page, the image should go in the image/blog folder
  overlay_color: "#333"
---

Week 3, web week! Finally we are able to see our code on something other than the command line, and begin to make it look prettier. (Even though it looks pretty ugly still if you don't prioritise a lot of time to using css)

The week task in pars was to make a working battle game within a web app. Where players would take turns to attack and then there would be a winner. But still just basic text and not much code for appearance. I personally enjoyed this alot as the web app acted as another stage of debugging.

Advice that I can give for starting out with tasks like this is to prioritise making good and working tests, and keeping these clean throughout. Any slight changes made should be commited, and this will help with workflow so much.

I found myself struggling on the weekend challenge which was similar to making the battle app, it was to make a rock paper scissors game. The logic required to make the game is relatively easy, however it's more about how you get the webpages to operate to each other in the controller layer of the app.

On a whole it was a great week and the final stage of these web apps begins in week 4 when we look into using databases, then we will have the most basic completed outlook on a real world application!

Thanks,

Dillon
