---
driveId: "1qLerL7tLyw1QAIfaav1bNs-IEHfNnxzY/preview"
title: "COVID-19"
date: 2019-03-19
tags: [qlikview]
#header:
#  image: ""
excerpt: "Qlikview, Data Analysis"
---

# COVID-19 data analysis

## Introduction
Towards the end of December 2019, Chinese public health authorities reported some cases of an acute respiratory disease in the Hubei province in Wuhan. They soon identified a novel coronavirus to be the main cause of these cases. The disease is now, worldwide, referred to as Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), and the virus has been named as a severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Which is a new strain of coronavirus not identified in humans before, making it very dangerous. Current research suggests this originated from Bats, in a food market, in Wuhan City.
source: [link](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/novel-coronavirus-china)

As of writing this (**23/03/20**) there was 345290 confirmed cases, 14925 deaths and 99541 recovered.
source: [link](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/)

## Contents
The goal of this project was to visualise the data surrounding the SARS-CoV-2 virus, whilst showcasing qlikview as a visualisation platform.
As github pages is a static site, I will be publishing graphs and data that will be out of date, the date of when the data ends will be made clear.
+ Data
+ Figures
+ Suggestions

## Data
I took 3 data files (csv) from [here](https://data.humdata.org/dataset/novel-coronavirus-2019-ncov-cases). This enabled me to track the location of the cases (by longitude and latitude) and also the number of deaths, cases and recovered patients.
In order to get this data, I used python to fetch and clean the dataset and then save locally so accessing on qlikview would be quick and easy. The python script can run each day, updating when there has been a change to the source files. The code for the data cleaning can be found on my GitHub [here](https://github.com/dilfyg/COVID-19-GitHub/blob/master/data-cleaning.py).

## Figures

### Figure 1 - Accumulative summary of cases
This figure shows, how over time, the different types of case have developed (Confirmed, Death and Recovered).

### Figure 2 - Accumulative cases in the UK
This figure shows over time, the different cases for UK.

### Figure 3 - Animated Bubble chart world map distribution of cases
The figure shows the spread of cumulative cases up to the date of this post.
{% include googleDrivePlayer.html id=page.driveId %}
